Mt. Thor on Baffin Island, Canada, has Earth's greatest sheer vertical drop (4,101 feet).
Ninety percent of Earth's population lives in the Northern Hemisphere.
California has more people than all of Canada.
Australia is wider than the moon.
The Dead Sea is currently 429 meters below sea level and sinking about 1 meter a year.
Africa is the only continent that covers four hemispheres.
Alaska Is the Westernmost and Easternmost State in the U.S.
Vulcan Point, in the Philippines, is an island within a lake on an island within a lake on an island.
Mauna Kea Is Taller Than Everest, if you start measuring from the ocean floor.
There Are 7,100+ Islands in the Philippines
Russia and China Touch 14 Countries Each
The Sargasso Sea Has No Coasts
The Largest Rock on the Planet Is in Australia, Mount Augustus 
The Oldest Continuously Inhabited City in the World Is Damascus
Kentucky has more caves than any other place on earth
Kentucky's cave system, Mammoth Cave, is nearly 400 miles in length - and that's just what's been explored!
Alaska is home to the largest cities in America, based on landmass rather than population
Russia's Transsiberian railway crosses 3,901 bridges
Bangkok's full name is 163 letters, Krung Thep Mahanakhon Amon Rattanakosin Mahinthara Yuthaya Mahadilok Phop Noppharat Ratchathani Burirom Udomratchaniwet Mahasathan Amon Piman Awatan Sathit Sakkathattiya Witsanukam Prasit.
The largest concentration of lakes is in Canada, at 31,752.
42 buildings in New York have their own zip codes
The most remote place on Earth is Point Nemo
Most of the U.S. coastline is in Alaska
20% of oxygen is produced by the Amazon
It takes 90 days for one drop of water to travel the Mississippi river
A town in Nebraska, Monowi has a single resident
There are 7,000 Caribbean islands
The Coldest temperature ever recorded was -89.2 Degrees C, at the Soviet Vostok Station in Antarctica, c. 1983
The Hottest Temperature Was 56.7 Degrees C, in California's Death Valley, c. 1913
The largest sand island, Fraser Island, is located in Australia
The highest rock museum in the world is located in Germany atop the Munich Olympic Tower
The world's longest commercial flight takes 19 hours, connecting Newark, NJ to Singapore (>15000km)
The Middle East imports sand from Australia
Hurricanes hit China more than any other nation
During 2018's World Cup play, seismologists in Mexico City noticed small earthquakes taking place when Mexico's soccer team scored a goal against Germany
Of the known species of animals, Brazil is home to 3,172 of them, making it the country with the most animals.
The world's oldest mountains are the Barberton Greenstone Belt in South Africa. These are said to date back 3.5 billion years.
Standing just over 115 metres in height, a California redwood is believed to be the world's tallest tree. Named Hyperion and estimated to be between 700 and 800 years old, its location is a secret so people will not destroy it.
Iceland is the only country in the world where you are safe from mosquitos.
China is home to the tallest bridge. The 1341-metre-long Duge Beipanjiang Bridge goes across a 565-metre valley.
The global leader in coconut production is Indonesia, which generates 201.7 million tons annually. That's a lot of coconuts!
The longest bridge continuously running across water can be found in Louisiana. The Lake Pontchartrain Causeway stands on 9,500 concrete pilings as it runs nearly 39 km in length.
The Burj Khalifa, built in 2008, towers above the city at 828 metres.
The continental U.S. is smaller than Brazil
California is famous for its earthquakes, but Alaska is actually the U.S. state that suffers the most from the natural disaster. 
The Antarctic ice sheet is larger than the U.S.
The distance between New Zealand and Australia is roughly the same as the distance between the Netherlands and Libya.
Palm trees grow in Ireland at 53 degrees north. In Canada at 55 degrees north, there are polar bears.
Despite Canada being the US's 'neighbor to the north,' the majority of Canadians live south of Seattle.
Texas is large enough that it could fit Copenhagen, Brussels, Zagreb, and Warsaw with their real-life distances from each other inside the state lines.
Canada has more lakes than the rest of the world combined.
France's longest border is with Brazil.
Russia has more surface area than Pluto.
Maine is the closest point in the US to Africa.
Norway is north, south, east, and west of Finland.
More than half the world's population lives within 2,500 miles of Mong Khet, Myanmar.
The distance between the highest point and the lowest point in the contiguous United States is less than 140 km.
The Atlantic entrance to the Panama Canal is west of the Pacific entrance.
The Appalachian mountain range formed before the North American continent broke away from Europe, so there's a little chunk of the Appalachians in France.
Point Nemo is the loneliest point away from any other land (2,688 km away from all other land). If you're there, the closest people are the ones in the International Space Station.
North Korea and Norway are only separated by one country.
There's a man-made hole on earth measuring 12,261 meteres, named the Kola Superdeep Borehole. It was the result of a scientific drilling project by the USSR. The project was stopped because temperatures underground reached a whopping 180C
Marie Byrd Land (in Antarctica) is the largest unclaimed territory on Earth
There is enough gold in the Earth's core to cover the whole Earth with a 0.5-metre layer of it.
The Marianas Trench has been proposed as a nuclear waste dumpsite.
Chimborazo is the closest peak to outer space. At only 6268 m in height, Mount Chimborazo is definitely not taller than Everest. However, its location at the equator pushes it closer to space than Mount Everest, at 8850 m.
The Sargasso Sea is the only sea in the world without any surrounding land. Found in the Northern Atlantic Ocean, it is surrounded by four ocean currents, but no land in sight. The name Sargassum borrows from the Sargassum seaweed native to this sea.
Antarctica holds almost all the freshwater in the world. The 14 million square kilometer ice sheet in Antarctica is the biggest mass of ice on the planet and contains 90% of the world's freshwater.
The Diomede Islands between the U.S. and Russia are just 3.9 km apart. However, a staggering 20-hour time difference separates the two islands. Because of this, Big Diomede was branded Tomorrow Island while Little Diomede was called Yesterday Island.
When the 3.9 km stretch between the Big Diomede and Little Diomede freezes in the winter, you can trek from U.S. territory into Russian territory.
Australia’s longest road is dedicated to fallen soldiers. By its completion in 1932, the Great Ocean Road stretched 241 km. The road was dedicated to soldiers lost in war, making it the world’s largest war memorial.
The world's shortest commercial flight lasts less than a minute. The world's shortest flight lasts 57 seconds in good weather. The 2.7-km flight spans between Westray and Papa Westray in Scotland.
All the people in the world could fit in the state of Texas
The world's smallest desert can be found in the Yukon, known as the Carcross desert
Regina is the geographical centre of North America
Football teams can play against each other in different hemispheres. The stadium Estadio Milton Correa in Brazil is also known as Zerao ( meaning "Big Zero" in Portuguese.) The thing is, the stadium is located right on the Equator, so that both teams who are playing defend 2 different hemispheres.
The Dingo Fence in Australia is longer than the Chinese-Russian border.
Pheasant Island switches countries every 6 months. Pheasant Island is located in the river Bidassoa and is owned by Spain and France. For 6 months of the year it's under Spanish rule - and for the following 6 months it's under French rule.
In Mauritius, there's an area of sand dunes that has sand in 7 distinct colors.
The Pacific Ocean is so huge that it contains its own antipode.
 The Greek national anthem consists of 158 verses. It is not known if there is a Greek who can sing them all by heart.
 There is not a single river in Saudi Arabia.
 Dust from Africa can reach as far as Florida.
 Cuba is the only Caribbean country that has a railway.
 The biggest pyramid in the world is not in Egypt but in… Mexico. It is called Cholula and is currently covered in grass.
 The Philippines Archipelago consists of 7107 islands.
 Until 2002 there was an agreement between Monaco and France that if the principality doesn’t have a male heir, Monaco would lose its independence.
 It is forbidden for airplanes to fly over the Taj Mahal.
 The first city to reach 1 million inhabitants was Rome in 133 BC. London reached the line in 1810, New York - in 1875. Nowadays more than 300 cities in the world have more than a million inhabitants.
 Although it is generally associated with Egypt, only 22% of the Nile's course runs through Egypt, which is just a testament to how long it actually is.
 The driest place on Earth: the McMurdo Dry Valleys in Antactica. It hasn't rained there for more than 2 million years!
 Tatooine, from Star Wars, derived its name from Tataouine, a city in Tunisia located near the site where various scenes were filmed.
 Australia is one of the oldest continents, and because of the effects of 250 million years of erosion it has become the flattest land mass on earth.
 K2 is known as the Savage Mountain due to the extreme difficulty of ascent. It has the second-highest fatality rate among the eight thousanders--about one person dies on the mountain for every four who summit.
 The Amazon River has over 1,100 tributaries, 17 of which are over 1,500 kilometres long.
 Mount Etna of Italy is thought to be the world's oldest active volcano. The first record of its eruption dates back to 1500 BC. Since then, Etna has erupted 190 times.
 The fastest flowing river in the world is the Amazon River. At the height of the wet season, the current can reach a speed of 7 km/hr.
 Lake Titicaca is a large, deep lake in the Andes on the border of Peru and Bolivia. By volume of water and by surface area, it is the largest lake in South America.
 The Grand Mesa in Colorado is the largest flat-top mountain in the world, encompassing hundreds of square miles and standing more than 10,000 feet above sea level.
 By any measure, Florida takes the prize for the flattest state in the U.S. In fact, the highest point in Florida is only 345 feet above sea level.