Thomas Malthus was not a legitimate geographer
Yes, I'm a SIMP: Super Into Multi-nuclei Planning
Azimuthal equidistant Antarctic projection best map projection
K:face_vomiting:ppen Climate Classification system is useless
Hoyt-sector model is absolute garbage
North American urban planning is terrible
Anyone caught watching RealLifeLore will be instantly banished from Geo Club
TURBKEY NUMBER ONE BESTEST COUNTRY
Geo Club winningest club
Geography is a state of being, I can smell it in the air, I can feel it between my finger. Some may say geoclub is a cult, but I would rather call it a multilevel marketing scheme. Each of our club members is given the ability to excel to their highest level. We have agents implanted from the national level al the way to the international geography syndicate of IGeo. People think Harvard is prestigious, thats chicken shit compared to geoclub. People think the rich carlton is extravagant, that's a trailor park compared to the banquets at geoclub. People think the nobel prize in physics is peak perfomance. No, geoglub is peak perfomance. Join geoclub to become a ultimate being. -Daniel Innes, expert geographer, engineer, commune leader and womanizer 
HOSA bad geo club good
When allah created world allah did give whole world to turkey but turkey frendly countrie so turkey gived land to other countrie
watch AtlasPro for REAL geography content
Rule #1 of Geo Club: When given the opportunity, always provoke an argument with a turkish ultranationalist on the internet
Sand is the worst type of soil
Message from our president: mmmmmm clay deliscious
Hello new member, let me tell you about how geo club is a lifestyle. Its not just a club, it becomes you. Every day oyu will have to get up at 6am and list of all the nations alphabetically. You will soon also be seeing vision of shitty alt history maps in your head, and arguing with turkish nationalists online if turkey is European or not. You will know more useless trivia then you ever needed to. But why, why do we do this? We do this to win, this club is shouldn't be called geo club, it should be called the dub's club cause of how many fat dubs we get.  I dont even need to call this the winingiest team because unlike beta cuck reach, or sigma hosa or whatever the fuck is around now,  gigachad geo club does not need to prove anything to anybody. Welcom, have a sick time, and thany you for listening to my ted talk. -Daniel Innes to Winnes
Physical geography is my moho
Some people think my rock puns aren't to gneiss, but I think that they are the schist
Facts + facts + logic = facts